The main goal that we're going to be
solving for today is $600,000 a month.
Drives attention, but also risk damaging
credibility because you don't want to
come off as another 20-year-old course
seller that's teaching people how to get
rich online. And one of the easiest ways
that you guys can do it is swapping the
whole talking head format and more so
coming at it from a place of
documentation, as in documenting what
you're currently doing and educating as
you're doing so. This is Jordan, an
online business owner making 300K per
month teaching 9 to5ers how to replace
their income with Airbnb. Now, right
now, Jordan spends about 4K a day on
ads, and he knows that he absolutely
needs to build his personal brand if he
wants to be able to scale profitably,
but has just been unsure on what type of
content that he needs to create in order
to attract more idle clients and
ultimately scale his business. So, in
this private call today, I break down a
handcrafted strategy that I built with
the key changes that will allow Jordan
to be able to scale to 600K a month in
the next 4 months without running a
single ad. And if you don't know me, my
name is Devin Jau. I have over 360,000
followers on Instagram and I've worked
with over a 100 business owners to scale
their online business to multiple six
and seven figures per month through
organic content. Now once a month I host
the viral flow games inside of my low
ticket community, Viral Flow, where the
four people who post the most and the
best results that they're getting from
being inside the low ticket community
when a 30inut in-depth breakdown of
their business and their content
strategy just like you're about to see
here in this video. So, if you want a
breakdown just like this for yourself,
then you can either click the second
link in the description to join over 300
people inside of ViralFlow to compete in
the next ViralFlow games. Or if you're a
business owner who's already making over
20K per month and more so just want a
guaranteed hands-on one-on-one help from
me to help build and monetize your
personal brand, then click on the first
link in the description to learn more
about Texus. All right, now let's hop
in. So Jordan, what I have written down
right now is that the main goal that
we're going to be solving for today is
$600,000 a month. Now, the focus to get
there is quite clear and it's just to
get more organic traffic because of
course the direct correlation to making
more money is just more warm leads.
However, also on top of that, you get a
bigger retargeting opportunity, which is
going to lead to a higher rorowass
because you're targeting people that
have already seen you before. And then
also increasing cold ad conversion as
whenever they land or whenever you put
an ad in front of a cold audience,
they're able to look up Jordan Fam, go
to your page and see that you're legit
and see the good content that you're
already putting out and the better
content that you're putting out, the
higher the likely that they convert from
there. So the main focus in the business
is more organic traffic and and the way
to get to $600,000 a month is going to
be more organic traffic. Are we all with
that understanding?
>> Yep.
>> Cool.
>> Yes. So the current person that you're
selling to, so who they are is that I
would assume primarily they're
Australian working professionals or
existing entrepreneurs. They're
typically in between the age of I would
assume 25 to 45 that are financially
stable with over 20K saved and open to
mentorship and investing in a business.
Is that correct?
>> Correct.
>> Cool. Now what these people want is they
want time freedom, financial
independence, and location flexibility.
They want to build assuming that they
have a assuming that they're working a 9
to5 is to build a second income stream
with the potential to go full-time or if
sorry you guys keep on asking for the
recording. I'll send you guys the
recording afterwards. Um or they're
looking to just build a second income if
they're an entrepreneur and they want a
business model that doesn't require
owning a property. Is this all correct?
>> Yeah.
>> Cool. Now, what draws them in is they're
attracted to the Airbnb arbitrage
lifestyle. They may have already seen
this model or they haven't and they're
curious about it and they want more
control over their income to escape
their 9 to5. Is this all on the on the
money?
>> Yep.
>> Cool. So, with that said, what are the
current problems that we're experiencing
and what do we need to solve on today's
call? I distilled it down to three
things. Number one is that we are
currently unclear on how to deliver
value to the right audience. So most of
the content either appeals to people
have already or most of the content that
you ran previously Jordan appeals to
people who already run Airbnbs which is
not the ICP or it ends up being too
surface level to demonstrate expertise.
So it's no clear way that you guys have
currently found to educate beginners
without confusing or boring them.
Secondly is that you guys are in the
lifestyle versus education dilemma.
Meaning that the lifestyle content that
you guys are currently posting drives
attention but also risk damaging
credibility because you don't want to
come off as another 20-year-old course
seller that's teaching people how to get
rich online. However, educational
content feels more credible but the
struggles to get traction and doesn't
really resonate with the current IC
ICPA. And then the third problem is that
you guys don't really have a strategy
that you guys are following with the
content. So Jordan has been getting
conflicting advice and no structured
content strategy that has led to it
which has led to an emphasis on output
making content creation feel reactive,
unclear and directionless. Would you
guys say that this is correct?
>> Yeah, correct.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool. So what is the solution to these
three problems? The solution is going to
be a clear content strategy that you can
follow that speaks directly to the ICP,
builds authority, gets views, and feels
authentic without falling into the trap
of looking like every other online
course seller. How are we going to do
that? Well, that's what we're going to
cover today. So, we're going to cover
two things. First, I want to go and give
you the clarity on the decision for
educationalbased content over lifestyle
content. Then secondly, we go over the
content strategy that's going to allow
you to be able to target the ICP while
still coming off as the authority. So,
first things first would be the clarity.
So, lifestyle content. Jordan knows I'm
not a fan of this and that's for five
reasons in particular. Number one, it
makes you seem like every online course
seller because you're selling lifestyle
doesn't really show that you know
anything. It just shows that you have
things. Second is that it gets views.
However, it does not move people closer
to buying or understanding what you
actually teach. Third, lifestyle clips,
funny moments, and vlogs do not prove
expertise. It might be entertaining, but
it is not to increase trust. Four,
there's no strategy or message behind
it. Whenever you're making lifestyle
content, you're kind of just throwing
[__] the wall on seamless text. I think
Jordan, you posted a couple videos that
were technically lifestyle content and
you didn't expect it to do well, but it
did well. I'm assuming it's also vice
versa as well. And then number five, the
ICP does not resonate with a flashy
lifestyle. There are working
professionals looking for freedom,
predictability, and a system. Not the
Lamborghini for a majority of the people
that are going to be signing up. Now,
with that said, I do want to say, do I
think it's the worst thing in the world?
If you do it here and there, as in
Jordan gets what? What do you got,
Jordan? You got like a M4 or something
like that?
>> M3.
>> All right. You got the M3. It's sexy.
You want to post it because it's
something that you've always wanted. I
don't hate the idea.
>> I think it can actually be a good thing.
However, it should not be something that
you implement as a strategy. It is
unpredictable and unreliable. If it's
here and there, Deon might even like it.
If it's, "Hey guys, we got to do this
every single week," it's like Devon
doesn't like that. So, what do we like?
We like educational based content
because it positions you as the
authority in the space, making it clear
you actually know your [__] and not just
selling the dream, but backing it up
with substance. Secondly, educational
content will build trust and move people
closer to buying by educating your
audience on why the model that you're
teaching works and how it could work for
them without overwhelming them with too
much information. Three, it shows your
expertise without flexing. You become
the person who makes the model make
sense, not the guy showing the result.
Four, you now have content with a
purpose and direction, meaning that
every single video plays a role, whether
it's shifting beliefs, planting desires,
or overcoming objections. And then five,
you can speak directly to your ICP's
real motivations, breaking down the
pathway to freedom, flexibility, and
income in a way that is in a way that
working professionals actually relate
to. But to do it, you must do it in a
way that does not go over the audience's
head. Now, how we do that is going to be
through two things. And that is going to
be through positioning and constraints.
So, I think this is where you guys went
wrong whenever you guys started creating
educational content the first time. And
that is first, whenever you guys first
started creating content, it just went
directly over your ICP head. And
secondly, whenever you guys started
going a little bit more to to the ICP,
it was just too boring and your audience
doesn't even want to watch it. So the
two fixes to these would be positioning
and top constraints. Now what does that
mean? Well, let's take a look. So
Jordan, have you filled out your
relevant worksheet?
>> The ICP worksheet is
>> this worksheet. Is that a yes?
>> Um what worksheet?
>> Jesus Christ. All right. So in the
course there's a module called relevant
and there's a worksheet here. Again,
you'll get the link in a second whenever
we get done with the call and it's also
in the course. Uh, Prodigy actually just
made a new video about this, but since
you're in Sun Nexus, you have access to
this. So, this is something that you can
want to fill out. Now, this is going to
be an optimized ICP worksheet that is
oriented around content. So, it allows
you to get very clear on the type of
viewers that you want to attract and how
you can actually attract them through
your content. And it's very important
that you fill this out that we have
clarity on who we're actually targeting
with the actual content. So, directly,
>> yep, I I remember that one. Um, we
filled out something similar before, but
I haven't filled out the exact Nexus
one.
>> Cool. Fill out the Nexus one.
>> Okay,
>> cool. Now, every single video that we
create should be created with this ICP
in mind that you will figure out within
the relevance worksheet. So, now
whenever it comes down to the content
strategy, Jordan, what is the definition
of a strategy? Um
the definition of a strategy is
um the way you go about operating
to best maximize your results.
>> That's not a horrible definition.
Heros's definition looks like this. A
strategy is a constraint on decision-m.
So with that definition, what would you
imagine a content strategy? What would
you imagine the definition for a content
strategy would be?
>> So what was your definition? Constraint
on
>> a constraint on decision-m
>> constraint on decision- making
um how so how's it a constraint on
decision-m could you explain that
>> so typically a strategy everyone has a
billion things to do however strategy is
just simply figure out what you're going
to do and it's not necessarily all the
things that you're going to do it's more
so what you're not going to do because
whenever you choose not to do something
then you all of a sudden have a focus
and that focus then becomes your plan or
your prioritization
Yeah.
>> So, a content strategy would be a set of
constraints on what to post, what type
of videos to create around that topic,
and when to post them. Entertain me a
bit. Do you guys have compasses in
Australia?
>> Do we have what?
>> Compasses.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we got compasses.
>> Cool.
>> Compasses. Yeah. Yeah.
>> What is your purpose of a compass, Sam?
>> Um to, I guess, point you in the right
direction.
>> Cool. How many directions is on a
compass?
>> I guess four.
>> Indeed. So, a compass is a tool that
balances with Earth's poles to show you
which direction you're facing. Now, a
content compass is a tool that balances
building a long-term asset and a
short-term monetization funnel, giving
you clear direction on where to take
your content. So, with that said, here
is your content compass. Now, in your
content compass, you have four different
directions. And then you have your niche
and niche statement. So, your niche from
here on out, Mr. Jordan, will be
described as beginner Airbnb arbitrage.
And this will be the topic that you
create content under. And your niche
statement will be something of the such.
This is just a signpost. You can edit
this as you please. I help Australian
professionals create a second income
stream and replace their 9 to5 by
launching profitable Airbnb businesses
using rental arbitrage. And every single
video that you create moving forward is
going to fall under that niche statement
into four different directions. So the
first direction is going to be arbitrage
awareness, which is where you talk about
how the business model works, what it
looks like in action, and why it's a
legit path to freedom. An example of a
video like this might look something
like 2025 susting
underpriced rentals, just awareness over
the business model itself because your
ICP most likely either has minimal
awareness or no awareness at all. And
that is the purpose of this content
pillar. Second is going to be belief
breaking. So the only content that's
going to go into this one is dismantling
common doubts like legality, risk,
startup cost or needing property
ownership. I would imagine the main
objection is it sounds too good to be
true or the main objection before they
get on the call is it sounds too good to
be true. So, the whole purpose of this
content pillar is going to be breaking
beliefs as in Airbnb arbitrage is
illegal. As in needing to buy a house to
make money with Airbnbs, you don't need
to buy the house. Or three, a belief
even around needing to be a doctor or
lawyer to make 30K a month. I would
imagine in Australia the culture is you
need to go to college. That is a belief
that we can break. Third pillar being
first property. So, this is oriented
around how to secure your first
property, get landlord approval, and
take the key steps to getting launched.
Again, this is optimized for a beginner,
getting their first property. So, how to
negotiate on a rental, what to look
like, what to look for in an agreement,
or maybe even how to become a more
attractive rental buyer. And then the
fourth pillar is going to be beginner
operations, as in how to avoid rookie
mistakes, handle guest, and run your
first unit with confidence. An example
of a video like this might be one of the
videos that performed quite well for you
guys. How to prevent parties. Awesome.
That is a beginner operation. And even
if you're not interested in starting an
Airbnb business, it's still something
that's like it's entertaining, like it's
something that you're interested in and
you're still giving education. So, it's
much more broad. And these are going to
be the four pillars that you're going to
create content under. Do you have any
questions around the actual four
pillars?
>> No.
>> Cool. Now, the problem with this is is
that you guys are creating content and
you're unsure about the whole talking
head format. So, I want to go and
dismantle the idea of you need to do
lifestyle content for it to feel natural
or authentic. And one of the easiest
ways I think you guys could do it is
swapping the whole talking head format
or more so speaking to the directly to
the viewer and more so coming at it from
a place of documentation as in
documenting what you're currently doing
and educating as you're doing so. That
way you can display the lifestyle that
you live. Show that you're actually
doing the thing and then also educating
them on how to do the things themselves.
So to give you an example of this,
instead of saying here's a 2025 sus tier
list, you would swap that with this is
just a sign post. This is not a good
hook. This is just kind of put some [__]
on the spot. I've tried 13 side hustles
over the past 5 years to bring myself
financial and location freedom. And now
that I have it, here's a tier list on
the best ones in 2025. Then all of a
sudden, we have Jordan with five side
hustles that he's personally tried. We
have B-roll of all those five side
hustles. And now it's coming from a
place of here's my documentation. Here's
what I've tried and I've led to this
business model. It's the best business
model that I've ever tried. And if you
want to try it, too, awesome. I'll take
your [__] money. Another example
might be here's how to spot a profitable
Airbnb. It's not bad, but how can you
flip it to be more so more make it more
receptive to the ICP? You could do
something like today we're going to look
at a $1.1 million property and see if we
want to add it to the Airbnb portfolio.
If we do, it'll make me this amount of
money every single month passively. Then
all of a sudden it's just like, okay,
Jordan shows up to the property. He
walks through the deal analysis and what
you're looking for whenever you get
there. Show why you're either passing on
the Airbnb or just adding it to your
portfolio. And then maybe even throw in
the breakdown of the negotiation
strategy that you're having with the
landlord. And then all of a sudden, this
is much more much more it's not
necessarily changing the education. It's
just reformatting the education and it's
a different way of positioning the
content. Does that make sense?
>> That makes sense.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah. I had the content researcher go
through and give you guys actual
examples and I'm going to watch it here
due to time sake. However, there's more
examples of what this can look like in
an actual video at the bottom of this
page. Cool. That went by a lot quicker
than I thought. What questions do you
guys have around this strategy?
>> So,
um, no, that seems pretty clear. Yeah.
>> Cool. Does this solve all the problems
that we mentioned at the beginning?
>> Um, hopefully.
>> What the [__] is that?
>> Hopefully.
>> Yeah, I think so. I think so.
>> Cool.
>> Um, what about get so getting clear on
do we do we do do we want to do talking
heads or not?
>> It's definitely not something I would
rule out. Um, I don't hate the idea of
doing talking heads. I think I still
think it'd be beneficial. I think it's
really important that every single video
gets created with your ICP in mind and
as long as you keep that person in mind,
then I think that you're fine to do a
talking head. However, I would imagine
this would be more in line with what you
had in mind with the whole documentation
positioning, but 100% if you want to do
some talking heads. I don't see on why
you want to do it really ever.
>> Okay, that's good. Um, question. Uh,
that all makes a lot of sense. Like I I
do definitely agree. I'm just thinking
about uh the how to go about filming it
and also editing as well. Would you,
since it's more of a documentation
style, would you go less heavy on the
edits or still keep it as is?
>> What is the purposing of the What is the
purpose of the editing in your mind?
>> I feel as though for talking head, it's
to
increase retention and keep people on
there. But I feel if it's a more
natural, like if we're documenting, I'd
almost lean more to like a natural
looking video. So the purpose of editing
will not be to keep people on the video
for longer. The purpose of editing would
simply under the presumption that it's
an educational style video. If it's
entertainment based then of course the
whole purpose of editing is to keep
people entertained. However, if it's
educational and that is the main goal of
the video then the purpose of the
editing is to visualize one of two
things. One either the steps that you
want the viewer to take or two the
concept that you want the viewer to
understand. So for example if Jordan
says hey go to this website to click
care click care click here. that is
visualizing the steps that he wants the
viewer to take. Or Jordan's like, "Hey,
here's this negotiation tactic about X,
Y, and Z." And the editor throws up uh a
[__] visualization of maybe it's
balancing. I don't know the [__] ter.
What is this called? Balance this [__]
So, if the editor throws up the
visualization of this under the premise
of Jordan talking about here's how to
get more leverage on the call, all
that's doing is visualizing the concept
that Jordan wants the viewer to
understand.
>> Mhm.
>> So, whenever it comes to any visual
representation, whether it's within the
editing or whether it's within the
B-roll, the purpose stays the same. So,
if Jordan's talking about calling a
prospect, then you can do one of two
things. It could either be the editing
or it could be the B-roll. Now, what
would be probably better fitting and
easier to do at a certain point,
assuming that you guys don't want to
have eight editors on the team? B-roll
is always going to be easier.
>> Yeah.
>> But for the documentation to give you a
short answer to give you a short answer
to your question, I think it would be
more natural. And then also on top of
that, easier to easier to create as if
you did just did the B-roll. As in
Jordan says he's tried 13 saw hustles.
One of the things that he did is cut
grass. Jordan, get on the [__] line,
cut some grass, look sexy, and you guys
take the B- roll.
>> Yeah, that makes sense.
>> Cool.
>> Nemo,
>> I didn't even realize you were sharing
screen this whole time.
>> Jordan, what the [__]
>> I'll look at his screen now.
>> Okay. Sam, Simon. No wonder why he was
looking so [__] confused. Sam, Simon,
Nemo, can you guys see my [__]
>> Yeah.
>> Cool. Jordan, I'll send you the
recording after. Cool. Uh, Nemo, Sam,
Simon, do you guys have any questions?
>> Um, what about uh scripting? Would you
still like Actually, it'd still be the
same, wouldn't you? Still follow
frameworks and things like that. Just be
a more natural approach to it. Yeah.
>> The whole point of a script is for the
audience not to know that you're reading
off a script. So, only thing that makes
it more natural is just increasing the
skill of reading a script. However, I
want to be ditching the script.
>> Okay.
I have a question about the awareness.
So with arbitrage awareness, um are we
thinking that we have to so is the idea
that we're reaching people that already
are actively
looking for ways to make money or are we
attaching it to other pain points? Like
is it more about getting away from
having a bad job? Like what is the
focus? Is it just introducing the model
or should we be thinking about where
like their current situation
>> that's primarily decided on who you sell
to? So if you want to niche down upon
who you sell to then of course you can
start speaking to their experience as in
>> if you're tired of having to wake up
every morning and drive to work
>> then obviously we're targeting people
with nine to fives. So I think it's just
highly dependent on who you want to sell
to and of course if you're very clear on
that then 100% target their pain points
first and then go from there. One thing
that you guys can look through is do you
guys ever think through the process of
symptom aware, problem aware, solution
aware, product aware,
then of of course, especially whenever
speaking to individuals that have no
awareness and not even aware that they
want an online job or not even a way
that you can make money online, then of
course you would start talking to the
symptoms before you start talking to the
problems and especially before you start
talking to the solution. So that is
something I would keep in mind whenever
you direct the scripts. Do you have like
a ratio of what you would recommend we
focus on versus like more solution aware
versus problem aware like on that
funnel?
>> Let me grab I think there's a visual in
here somewhere.
>> Okay.
>> So I would say this is true for you as
in most of your audience is going to be
at level one and then it distills down
after that. Is there like a ratio of
like look Nemo what you need to do is
22% of the time do this, 34% of the time
do this? Definitely not. Especially
whenever you're speaking to let's say um
let's say you're creating content for
first property. You're kind of speaking
more so to problem than solution. But
you could start with something to
problem. That's a hard question to
answer.
>> Yeah.
>> I would say if I came up with some
numbers it would be horshit. I would say
it's just typically you look at the idea
and it's highly dependent on the idea
and then you think about the ICP and
then you go from there. There is
actually hold on let me send the student
an email. Nemo, you're the one writing
the scripts, right?
>> Uh, actually, Sam is.
>> My bad.
>> Content.
>> My bad. Sam
>> Sam's writing organic scripts. Um, Nemo
helps out with ad scripts.
>> Cool. Sam, I didn't mean to. Do you like
that, man?
>> My apologies.
>> All right, let me send you this
worksheet, Sam. Uh, is it this one?
Cool. So, Sam, when you're rewriting the
scripts, you just come here to
scientific hook formula. No, not there.
You come here to create your own hook.
You come here to
awareness and then there is a nice
little
uh kind of walkth through on how you
should be targeting the awareness. So it
asks you a question, you click yes, no,
and directly after that it'll ask you a
new question and from that you just keep
going back and forth until you get to a
point to where you're at the point of
like this is where majority of the
audience is and they're at this
awareness. Does that make sense?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool. Uh, for Dev and for Dev and Vim
that are wondering if you can get access
to this. No. [__] no. This is Nexus. Um,
Sam, I'm going to send this to you in
the DMs.
>> Sweet.
>> All righty. Anything else, boys? No.
>> Um,
no.
>> Cool. Jordan, I'm going to send you the
recording so you can see what's going on
the screen. Um, other than that, if you
have any questions in between, Jordan,
just send me a message. But I feel like
this should make it pretty clear on what
is next to do. This is your content
compass. Use this as basically the same
way you use the compass. Every single
video that you create falls into one of
these four directions. And then in that,
if you start feeling like, [__] Devon,
I feel like
I don't feel I don't feel natural. I
don't like the way that the videos are
coming off. I don't feel like this is a
fun process. Then awesome. Start moving
towards the documentation side and do
more documentation videos. Not as in
changing the topic, but it's changing
the positioning of the education that
you're giving. All right.
>> I mean, I see I'm sorry, just just one
more thing. Like, I see these hooks
still being filmed as a talking head,
but how should I film it? Like just
exactly like what what is an idea in
your head that how would you film like
the first one?
>> So, the hook, yes, typically would be so
much still. Um, typically what I would
imagine is you could do talking head.
Yes, it would be talking head. It would
just be be more B-roll focused now that
I think about it. This would be more
editing focused and this would be more
B-roll focused,
>> right?
>> Okay, I see.
>> So, yes, it could be recorded um talking
head for this version. However, this
version is just today we're going to go
look at $1.1 million properties. Like
obviously that would be more so a vlog
you taking them with you still preparing
on what you're going to talk about, but
it would be much less sit down speak to
camera more so hey videographer come
with me. I have these things I want to
hit and we're going to go over why I'm
going to buy this property or not. That
way they get value from it and we get to
show them what it's like to live this
lifestyle and what they could what they
could experience if they got into
arbitrage.
>> Yeah. Okay. That's cool.
>> Cool.
>> That's cool.
>> Awesome. All right then, boys. Jordan,
I'll send you this link to your DMs on
school. I also send you the recording to
the actual call itself. Mr. V, I will
send you your link over on Notion as
well. Actually, [__] that. We're about
to hop on a call.
Um, Dev
>> Dev and Rick, you guys have things to
do. You guys have a new offer. Dial in
that new offer and start creating the
content on your content compass that
you've been given.
>> Sure. Sure. Sure.
>> Cool. All right. Hopefully you guys
enjoyed this breakdown. Now, if you
would like to compete for a chance to
win your own live breakdown in the next
Viral Flow School Games, then feel free
to go and click on the second link in
the description below to check out my
low ticket community, ViralFlow. Or if
you're a business owner who's already
making over 20K per month and more so
just wants oneonone help from myself on
building your personal brand and your
content team and you would like to know
what that could look like, then feel
free to go and click on the first link
in the description to learn more about
Nexus.